README.md, before:

# Never Plan

### Completed as part of Family and Friends project while attending Wyncode Academy's Full Stack Developer Program

### Languages: Ruby, HTML, CSS
### Frameworks: Ruby on Rails, Bootstrap

### API: [Yelp Fusion](https://www.yelp.com/fusion)

### Have you ever used Yelp and been overwhelmed by the amount of options you are given?

## Never Plan is your solution!

#### Users may create a profile and make a search of the place you are going to for vacation. The results will return the results of a Yelp search and allow you to bookmark businesses that you are interested in. Once saved to your profile, you may go to your profile and view all the businesses. The address, phone number and reviews will be available to you. You can call to make a reservation or appointment. 

#### But what if the business is booked? Well go ahead and remove it from your profile and check out the next business you saved to your profile.

#### With this app you no longer have to plan every details and what-if. If plan A does not work, you have plan B, or C or D.. you get the point.

Commit message:

updated README with information about screencast

README.md, after:

# Never Plan

### Completed as part of Family and Friends project while attending Wyncode Academy's Full Stack Developer Program

### Languages: Ruby, HTML, CSS
### Frameworks: Ruby on Rails, Bootstrap

### API: [Yelp Fusion](https://www.yelp.com/fusion)

### You can watch a screencast walking through the features of the website via the neverplan.mov file in the repository. 

### Have you ever used Yelp and been overwhelmed by the amount of options you are given?

## Never Plan is your solution!

#### Users may create a profile and make a search of the place you are going to for vacation. The results will return the results of a Yelp search and allow you to bookmark businesses that you are interested in. Once saved to your profile, you may go to your profile and view all the businesses. The address, phone number and reviews will be available to you. You can call to make a reservation or appointment. 

#### But what if the business is booked? Well go ahead and remove it from your profile and check out the next business you saved to your profile.

#### With this app you no longer have to plan every details and what-if. If plan A does not work, you have plan B, or C or D.. you get the point.
